Fix terminology consistency across docs (#409)
powersync-ja/powersync-docs: maintenance-ops/self-hosting/aws-ecs.mdx

**What happens during scale-in:**

1. ECS deregisters the task from the ALB target group — new connections are routed to other tasks

> 2. The ALB [deregistration delay](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/application/load-balancer-target-groups.html#deregistration-delay) allows existing connections to drain (default: 300s). Since Sync Streams never complete naturally, connections are forcefully closed after this timeout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The ALB [deregistration delay](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/application/load-balancer-target-groups.html#deregistration-delay) allows existing connections to drain (default: 300s). Since syncs never complete naturally, connections are forcefully closed after this timeout.
```

Reviewer: This one doesn't seem to refer to Sync Streams, rather the sync process

> 3. ECS sends `SIGTERM` to the container — PowerSync closes all active Sync Streams gracefully

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. ECS sends `SIGTERM` to the container — PowerSync closes all active sync connections gracefully
```
